[Music]
good morning or whatever I don't know
what time it is or watch it but I've
come back to another video
I hope you're doing really good and
you're keeping it safe at the moment in
today's video I'm gonna be taking you
through a what I eat in a day Penelope
is just at a luncheon at my legs what
I'm trying to do a bit of an intro but
yeah in a day oh this is her kid he
wants to go on her walk now in today's
video I'm gonna be doing a what are you
in a day video we have had all got a
food delivery come in obviously like the
most exciting day of the week at the
moment I picked up some like new little
bit so I'm going to go through the
recipes that's what I've been spending
quite a lot of my time in dude trying
new things new recipes loads of bacon
after all we're doing that to be honest
so that's what are you know definitely
got a few stuff to a date you win we've
had some weights that have arrived well
a barbell and some weights and that's
been great
I'd never thought they'd actually turn
up with my the wage rate to the video if
you could hit this with the like it's
portal channel so much and I'd really
appreciated this is the new rule that
I've set myself I'm not allowing my
coffee into a pair dry and this morning
[Music]
look we have a barbell easy students
slippers like the barber holder and then
here we've got like 90 kg worth of way
yeah that's all you really need to be
honest the only thing has been having to
it while I realize balance this when I
wanted up squats on the bins could you
get in a squat bar really right having a
bit about how you activate might just do
you know that old this thing that I do
just some tiny little bits out high or
low right this we have to do to get this
workout underway
it's a to scoop time
[Music]
oh I'm sweaty mess right now so I've
just finished on my leg and glutes
workout has been the best I've had in
months
mainly like compound I'm going to show
you a quick little ab workout I don't
actually train abs that often like maybe
once a week right alongside a hit
workout and I mainly find that for
compound movements that's where I get
like most of like my core work if that
makes sense I'm just going to take you
through a quick little like ab finisher
[Music]
we are venturing out biggest excitement
of the week the month to pick up an
aster delivery so it's Mason's birthday
towards the end of this week's we had to
get some bits in everything just got a
bit sparse like it's here's to go zero
to 100 with our cupboards and fridge
emptying in like one minute I feel like
we've got everything in then the next
day everything just seems to go on let
me have food in yeah yeah we just got to
the Asda collection point and we drove
transfer quite a few retail parks
slightly it isn't it seen the more just
like completely lock off completely
shirts how long is it gonna take to we
get back to some normality I think I've
got some nice chocolate
oh we could have them tonight I can't
really hey so I've just got changed out
and everything just put on a new top
that I got last week from a pretty
little thing I don't know if I'm feeling
it or not I don't know if it's just a
bit too bright
I much prefer like pastels at the mixing
thing I haven't actually ever made on my
channel which is french toast and some
like yogurt with some party and stuff
this is so delicious well it's a little
bit summery and I'm gonna use some
berries and stuff so I'll show you how I
do this I'm really hungry right now
you're gonna need is that bread that you
have it and I'm using these protein
bagel things and just some fry light
spray a bit of sand some vanilla flavor
got literally just one egg for the
yogurt I'm using just some zero percent
fat Greek style yogurt cookies and cream
whey protein and some frozen berries
mixing bowl and I'm just gonna put the
like wet ingredients into here for a few
drops of this a little bit of cinnamon
just whisk this little concoction
together and dip these in on both sides
on a meeting here I'm just gonna spread
this is literally like a 1 calories
brick
but just fry that until it goes like a
like golden e crispy kind of brown and
then that is when I'm going to have it
with some Greek yogurt and some protein
powder you don't obviously have to have
the protein that's optional well
obviously everything's optional getting
our berries ready
I always just microwave these hundred
and fifty and 15 grams of that some
vanilla flavor drop the French toast and
then I'm just gonna pour my yogurt
right and here we have it so this is the
French toast obviously you could like
stack them up all I present them
differently just something nice and a
bit different and tastes so so good as
well as being high protein so know kind
of like pancake but a lot quicker I'm
just going to make the weather so nice
we're gonna have a barbecue this evening
it's I'm gonna have like a lighter thing
for lunch I want to eat lots of sausages
for my dinner to take the rest of it and
official creeper seasoning I've just had
an act now these hoping right back to
childhood days are analogous to have
these volatile strawberry flavor
packaging whole fine cut style effect
this food really good volume eat it is
really feel it's warm now I always like
to have salad on a warm day it's not
something I do regulate for the
seasoning scoops and I'm gonna have some
balsamic vinegar absolutely love this
stuff and just squeeze of lemon
very handsome look at those two hands
this is some serious volume eating
parties so heavy as well get changed
again and just gonna go on a rocker so
I'm gonna take this nut I'm gonna make
some rice cakes I do this every time
that I walk pretty cheeky thing I'm just
on my little walk getting some steps ooh
I really wanted to bring for now it's
just our way too hot for her in a minute
I'm gonna try and find agreements that
are open at some point soon and get her
clips it's just so hot and I said okay
now on a day like I had she never even
knew this existed until quarantine I'm
just missing family I went to see my dad
in his garden no social distance here
today and I'm trying to give her a hug
we're all going through the same thing
just about doing those things that like
me feel that I've found going on these
little daily walks has helped me so much
I just try to spend this time scrolling
on my phone because do you go and so you
go on your phone or any pick up
Instagram you end up from the most
random person's profile like a year deep
and then you got how did that even
happen been trying like to be more
conscious not just now it's the busiest
voting it I've gone and like the
woodland side it's always a little bit
quiet I'm not racing to get back now
because I'm ready for this barbecue that
is about to commence
well I mean hey I look like I've been
dry for a bush but as you can tell I've
just got back from my walk with lemon
sweaty I really wanted to know that but
anyway we're gonna have a barbecue I am
very hungry and this is the part where I
either dive for a whole bar chocolate
it's not like thinking that's almost my
way it's not so I'm just gonna make a
quick smoothie I really want something
like fresh and really ice cold and if
that's me new video let me get my ear
did this movie video the other day if
you haven't seen that one so I'm gonna
do one of the recipes on there the
strawberries and cream would license out
there start in the barbecue
I'm really excited we're gonna put these
less than three percent fat skinny beef
burgers be frozen from Asda haven't
tried these women are out just yet
[Music]
put in barbecue 1721 calories each color
actually these men whilst mason making
this job always tends to be the barbecue
and then I'm just gonna make like a
little salad bit my dad games these
bloomin XXXL thing of tomato
entertainment like chopped tomatoes so
we've got loads of that in the fridge
like I'm going to make like some sort of
like beans with that and then I'm
thinking maybe like another side and
then I'm going to have a Peter again
with the burgers
we've got those hex sausages over here
and the burgers and our pita breads so
Rosario just getting our drinks I've
been loving having excellent but I've
made in these bowl glass to show you
make your drinks taste so much nicer if
you like Coke Zero if you put lemon like
where you drink they do this all the
time in that bar so in here is just like
a little too much Terry sauce thing
there it's a salad we're just like
balsamic vinegar on cucumber chopped a
little bit of beetroot your pony heat so
this is what happened for my dinner can
confirm I just tried that burger really
really then we'll have some more
sausages that just cooking over there so
my little dessert I'm gonna have some
Greek fat-free yogurt again with some
protein also these peanut butter pricey
and just up a little bit that I've just
tried that and that is really really
good based on trying this product
[Music]
so here is my final little meal of the
day I've also got a chunk of chocolate
ready to evoke a lie to have that
separate so it doesn't melt into yogurt
but yeah I'm really happy with this
little peanut butter ice cream 5 and
absolutely stuffed right now I'm just
gonna take finality on a little war it's
cooled down a bit now just like a short
one 3/8 I really hope you enjoyed this
video and got some recipe ideas that
kind of thing
do let me know what other videos you'd
like to see next and if you haven't
really don't forget to like and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next video